Minimal invoiced amounts (#46)
appuio/appuio-io-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/quality-requirements/functional/minimal-invoiced-amounts.adoc

= Minimal invoiced amounts

Source::
Invoicing adapter

Stimulus::
Calculate invoice

Environment::
{global}

Artifact::

> Enterprice resouce planning or accounting system where the invoices get created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enterprise resource planning or accounting system where the invoices get created.
```

Response::
Line items on the generated invoices for the billed resources.

Response measure::
A minimal amount gets billed even if the effective usage is lower.

Memory::: 125MB
Disk storage::: 1GB

Rationale::
Allocating compute and storage resources on a Kubernetes cluster binds some resources on the clusters control plane.

> The minimal billed amount accounts for that overhead.

Reviewer: It's not quite clear how this "line" for "billed resources" is summarized.
Therefore my question: Is this minimum per pod, or per namespace, per zone?
What does this line contain, can you provide an example?

Considering a namespace with 5 pods, each consuming 10 MBs. Is each Pod billed with 125 MB? Or is the namespace billed with 125 MB (covering all 5 pods = 50 MBs) since that is the "billed line"?
